remember those good old days would free
will reign supreme no while Billy here's
what it looked like back then I tell you
Billy back then we had some bad times
heck some people didn't even know how to
exercise their free will you want to
fall from window up doors with an option
fly and even human rking your laptop
very very dark and very under the double
berry do you want to know the secret to
free will billy g what's that obedience
gee what's that well Billy that's when
you do what you're told so that you can
be free later on in life for some people
that may mean delivering mail every day
or even running for public office what
happens if you don't obey you'll find
out when you're older Billy just
remember kids never back down no matter
what obedience means do your job even if
it hurts someone yes Billy even if it
hurts someone especially if it hurts
someone
if all they can win the number recent my
number is the turtle Joe you might being
your lunch reduced discount produced a
duck and produced under that produced
produced two epochs produced anything in
a Purdue still down produced two can't
fall reduced reduced to get reduced Lee
knee action all have action to take